Activity Report DECRED ORG January

Relationships Generated:
We set out to open conversations with people from the most important and populated cities in the southern cone of Latin America, which have an impact on the local community.

The objective is to specify a minimum of 30/40 people per meetup and reduce costs as much as possible. We are achieving the latter by carrying out the relevant negotiations with each tenant. All those contacted were open to cooperate in the co-organization of exclusive meetings and / or shared with DECRED.

Being the first DAO approach we will introduce ourselves with a concrete talk about what DECRED is and how it works. We are working together with Pablito and Nachito, who will support us with DCR comic material to use in the meetups.
Most of the meetups will first take place in the month of February / March, with the possibility of repeating in the following months.

The people contacted were the following:

Argentina:
CABA: Espacio Bitcoin, Mariana Aguirre
La Plata: Bitcoin community of La Plata, Pedro Rey.
Santa Fe: After office Crypto, Iñaki Apezteguia
Currents Cominity bitcoin of currents, Martin Schneider
Cordoba: Cerro Bitcoin Space, Andres Salamone
Mendoza: Bitcoin community Mendoza, Alvaro Gandia
Mar del Plata: Bitcoin community MDQ, Guillermo Escudero
Paraguay:
Asuncion: Asunción bistoin community, Juanjo Benitez
Chile:
Santiago de Chile: NGO Chile, Miguel Klagges /, Criptomarket, Rafael Meruane.
Uruguay:
Montevideo: IOV Labs, Alejandro narancio

Meetups already scheduled:

CABA:

Date: February 6, 2020
Location: City of Buenos Aires, CABA, Argentina
Duration: 120 minutes
Modality: Exclusive decred. “Global meetup”
Description: Afteroffice with public from the local community. We expect a minimum of 40 people. Meetup time 2 hours with beers and snacks included.
Estimated cost:
Trip: $ 0
Rental of place: $ 150
Coffee break: $ ~ 150


Santa Fe:

Date: February 20, 2020
Location: Santa Fe City, Santa Fe Argentina
Duration: 80 minutes
Modality: Shared the space with local community to give an introductory talk.
Description: Afteroffice with public from the local community. We expect a minimum of 40 people. Meetup time 2 hours with coffebreak included.
Estimated cost:
Roundtrip ticket to Santa Fe: $
Rental of the place: $ 0
Coffee break: $

